When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

When you are working on multiple machines or with a group of people.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

If multiple people are working on the file and you've been working for a while,
your changes and version may not mesh with changes from other users, causing issues
when it automatically merges your code while you are working on your local machine.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

Forks are copies of repositories made on GitHub's native servers, clones are made between GitHub
and the local machine, branches are different lineages of alternative code that can be created
and merged. You would use clone when trying to pull something from GitHub to your native machine,
fork when trying to copy a repository from another GitHub repository to your own, and branch when
making new features for your code or experimenting so that you do not impact the master branch.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

It limits the amount of potential conflicts you will have when pushing your changes to the
updated repository on GitHub while collaborating.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

You could use Google Docs or Dropbox to manage files...or email back and forth.
Google Docs would be easier because users can write simultaneously, but this could
create conflicts. Dropbox would limit work ideally to one person at a time, same
with email. There would be lots of copying and pasting...and probably bugs using these
platforms.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

Use a separate branch when collaborating so that code can be reviewed and checked
without interrupting other collaborators. The benefit being that changes do not throw
bugs into master until they have been verified. 
